well here and again girls who
fall
is that is that it takes one
look and we do not always stop that
it lasts all year we can see them
today big beautiful blue sky
still the return of some very
although methodically justice on our
heads
what day are we on the 15th in France
lack of means to maintain his
heritage she is not beautiful france
to the new life of sarkozy what is it
an illness the morgeon if at 50 you
have spent the wrist you're a shit
it's not beautiful that allah is everywhere
start again but especially this stuff
huh what is that it's this
we breathe every day it does not
possible
obviously and it falls again and again
What's the point
and here you are
the bees are over it does not matter
as long as I have my new iphone
I saved does not have an application
gas masks
it would not hurt that much to
nuclear protection nbc combinations
bacteriological and chemical
a gift to someone
alzheimer or dollars 1 35 years old that
start now crate because well
that they even put defibrillators
by totally it is the hecatomb
here you are
ap closeup a little it's not beautiful
technology gentlemen ladies
nanotechnology maybe that's one of
only things cap was made at the
grenelle environment quality
air nanotechnologies and
water resources I believe in these
stories there everything is related no they have
all given this food agency of
health hop we put all in the same
basket
somehow 21000 products
chemicals in food in europe
what are they going to do a vaccine to
25% aluminum in there is this
would be nice to invent it for these
crap that falls on us
format english fox i'm just maybe
the case of dsk megay falling in
the blur from the sky
luc picard on off and at the bread and a
identical rose hill so ok everything
is ok here you go